---
layout: single
permalink: /journal/2022-09-17.md/
title: D&D Session x07 - Sep. 17, 2022
---

## Filler Arc

- We can't head directly into the underdark
  - Meta reason, Susie can't join us for a bit
  - Game reason, the council won't open the gates to the underdark to let us in until they've had time to thoroughly sweep the city. This delay also gives us time to wait for the dragon hide armor to finish (will take one month).
- While we wait, we head to Last Crest to talk to Lady Gilstein and recieve our reward.
- We arrive at Last Crest with no incidents and meet with Lady Gilstein in a office/throne room. She asks what we've learned from the Smoky Iron Mountain, because of the NDA we have to keep it generally vague. She accepts our explanation and asks about Mr. Dillygaffer. We pass along the message that he has simply been too busy and forgot to write. She accepts this answer as well and we move onto the discussion of a reward. She rewards us with a small keep and titles. The titles can be accepted by all of us, but the land can only be given to one person. To solve this we invent Quark Co. and award the land to the company.
- We decide to head out and visit our new keep. Perhaps unsuprisingly, the keep is falling apart. The moat around is largely dried up and the ceiling has collapsed. I investigate the place and (with a 16) I am able to deduce the place wouldn't be too hard to fix up.
- The southern side of the keep has a nice forest. To the north is some plains. And to the east are plains and mountains.
- The keep technically isn't ours until the first round of metal ore arrives from the Smokey Iron Mountains. We decide to do some jobs to earn some money to fix up the keep when it is finally ours. To the tavern!
- The tavern is pretty empty even though it's prime tavern time. The owner is wiping tables but it looks like no one has been here all day. We ask the owner whats going on.
- It seems like there may be something attacking the towns around here, since the farmers and the miners are their main customer base. The tavern keeper said that normally the goblin hoards/raids are the cause of a dearth of customers like this.
- We go talk to Lady Gilstein the next morning to see if she'll pay us anything for dealing with the goblins/the farmers problem. And really, it's not such a big ask considering she gave us land with such a dilapidated keep to deal with on it. We fail to convince her that there's really a problem (making a mountain out of a mole hill). She says, however, that if we bring proof we will be given an exemption on the land tax for the next 5 years.
- 