---
layout: single
permalink: /journal/2022-11-24.md/
title: D&D Session x11 - Nov. 24, 2022
---

## The Journey to Revive Aurora and Eraphina

- We head up into the mountains to find the red mandrake with our new friend Agron (played by Elizabeth) who owes the Herbalist a debt.
- While searching we encountered a pack (3) of manticores
- Need to travel to the town of Fellsbane near the Faerun forest near the Frost Iron Mountains, 5 days journey, 2 by horse. When we get there, the church of Pelor should be able to resurect our friends for a small fee on top of the diamond materials that the Herbalist gave us.
- On our way to Fellsbane a pack of wyverns run out in front of us on the path. Rieta distracts them with all of her rations. Luckily we find a town to rest in for the night.
- The next day as we continue our journey, a monster hunter on the side of the road flags us down and asks for our help. We (Rieta and Agron that is) agree to help after he promises to pay us handsomely (dragon greed baby!). We follow him through the forest and find what is definitely a T-Rex, although Otto claims he never called it that.
- We kill the first T-Rex quickly enough, although both Agron and Pethani nearly die. And then the monster hunter lets us know that he was hired to kill two of the creatures. After a few seconds -- 6 to be exact -- another T-Rex appears.
- We take care of it even more easily than the first. Afterwards the monster hunter (Astrepo) keeps his word and hands us 12 gems worth 50 gp each and a bag with 105 pp and 2807 gp.
- We make it to Fellsbane and head to the temple. We leave them with the bodies, 4000 gp (thanks Astrepo), and the diamonds. The bodies will be resurrected within 5 days (before the 10th day they've been dead).