---
layout: single
permalink: /journal/2022-08-20.md/
title: D&D Session x04 - Aug. 20, 2022
---

# The Adventurers Meet (finally)

- What were we doing again?
- Found 1 lb of a shiny mysterious metal ore
- We remember how the portals work and get ready to cross through the dark blue portal
- A wall collapses and an elf and a polar bear appear
- We approach with caution, learn that the elf is friendly and will help us with the mine. We do a round of introductions
- We manage to get to the other side of the blue portal
- As we prepare to go around the corner we feel a chill down the back of our necks. By casting `Divine Sense`, Rieta detects a source of great evil from around the corner (in the form of the worst smell in the world). She manages to not throw up and the group prepares for battle by buffing up.
- As the group rounds the corner ready for battle we find a pool of blood and a book surrounded by undead
    - we defeat quite handily the wraith and several zombies and skeletons
- Book looks shoddily bound and is titled approximately "Rituals for Communicating with and Raising the Dead"
    - is written such that the reader would believe that the book would let them communicate with their dead relatives and with enough proficiency raise their dead relatives
    - however, the book actually only opens portals to the abyss so that you can contact demons
    - Pethani and I cleansed and destroyed the book
- Magic circle (pool of blood) channels energy from the negative energy plane to open portals by sacrificing creatures, which also turns the sacrificed creatures into undead
    - Pethani cleansed and destroyed the magic circle
- There was a hole with a ladder going down. We descend. 
- Came to a room with a conveyor belt to take ore upwards (too small for a person), a wheelbarrow, and a table with tools and stuff
- Left that room and found a body in the hallway that looks like it was mauled by a wild animal. Has a wallet with a chunk bit out of it and 1.5 gold pieces inside.
    - A second body in the other hallway appears to have been killed the same way
- Found a storage(?) room with more mysterious ore and explosives
- Found 2 Dretches, most likely what killed the miners in the area, after killing them a quosit showed up and told us to die in the name of his lord (we quickly dispatched him)
- Found Gorrick (from the Bullett adventure)
    - And a bunch of bad guys, yay
    - Hezrou, evil magic dude, dretches, quosits
