---
permalink: /journal/2022-07-02.md/
title: D&D Session xx - Jul. 02, 2022
---
{% include figure image_path="https://sinalewis.github.io/DnD_session/assets/images/roll20_fig_-_07-02-2022.png" alt="Mines of Moria" height="200px" %}

- Finished up in the town of Last Crest
- Headed to the Smoky Iron Mountains as a favor for the Lady/Lord of Last Crest
    - acting as envoys to figure out why shipments of metals have stopped
    - we were also asked to look into Mr. Dillygaffer---master craftsman for our dragonhide---and check that's he ok
- Guards check our inventory, ask for our papers and reason for visiting
- Guards hold onto our explosives and poisons
- Pethani loses
    - 7 normal grenades
    - 4 +1 grenades
    - 3 subpar grenades
    - 1 acid vial
    - 6 alchemists fire
    - 2 Melf's Acid grenades
- Rieta loses
    - 3 subpar grenade
    - 5 grenades
    - 3 +1 grenades
    - 2 Melf's Acid grenades
- Aurora loses
    - 2 Melf's Acid grenades
    - 5 +1 grenades
    - More grenades?
- Eraphina and Iggy convinced them that they'd already checked them so they get to keep everything
- Our presence draws the attention of most of the inn that we are waiting at
- Something wrong with the town, they've closed the mines and theres a general miasma over the town
- While trying to get to the mines a dwarf warns me off, saying they've closed it because there's "something something" dangerous
- I use divine sense near the mines: within 60 ft of the entrance there is nothing
- Spent a day doing pushups (16) and running (6)
- In my sleep I have a dream that's not a dream. I'm in a grove and a full moon is reflecting of a small pond in the grove. Across the grove is a unicorn that says "Be careful of your origin." The grove starts to wither and the unicorn catches fire and looks like a nightmare. My alabaster mask now has a sword on the forehead that is enveloped in flame. The sword is pointing downward. The hilt has an eye that is crying blood.
- Do more pushups (10) and running (8)
- Obtained permission to enter the first level of the mines
- We were asked a sketchy question about being the usual envoys
- Guards slam the door behind us, lock the door, and leave up the gondola
- We encounter a bunch of zombies
- Killed them all, but what made the zombies? Tune in next week!
    