---
layout: single
permalink: /journal/2022-07-09.md/
title: D&D Session x02 - Jul. 09, 2022
---

- Failed my perception check to figure out where the zombies came from (nat 1)
- Aurora tried and got a 10. She saw pickaxes and the dwarves appeared to be mining metal
- Pethani (with a 16) sees faint blood splotches coming from down a hallway. Presumably this is where the zombies came from.
- The hallway leads to a hole and a ladder to the next level
- Down the ladder

- Aurora gleans that undead creatures distort the space and cause supernatural phenomena
- We head off down the hallways
- I and Pethani sneak down a hallway and spy some zombies and a skeleton
- Fight!

- Talk to the ghost
    - Pethani, "Are you okay?" (succesful persuasion check)
    - Ghost, "Nothing's okay, that bastard Snabael. He did this to me"
    - Ghost can't remember their own name
    - Pethani, "Can we get revenge for you?"
    - Ghost, "Naw, he's already reaping the rewards of the misery he sowed. Colors will lead the away, blood will point in the direction, but not the path."
    - Reita, "Can you clarify that last bit?" (failed persuasion check)
    - Ghost, "You have to save me! Wait, it's too late" [goes back to shaking in the corner]

- Pethani summons a Sahuagin that spots blood on the floor
- We follow the blood, fight some skeletons, go through a teleportation trap
- Try to get back on track but get teleported again!
- It takes us to the path with the blood but when we try and follow it we are teleported for a third time. This time the party is split up.
- I recall that the ghost said that colors will lead the way. I look for colors (nat 20 baby!) and see dark blue souls swirling around.
- I head away from the dark blue souls and encounter a wall of orange souls, turn from there and encounter another orange wall of souls as well as a light blue wall of souls