---
layout: single
permalink: /journal/2022-11-12.md/
title: D&D Session x10 - Nov. 12, 2022
---

## The Battle Continues

- The DM prevented the party from being wiped out by the skin of his teeth. Will Rieta alone be enough to turn the tide of battle and allow the Quarks to survive?
- Things are immediately not going well as the mage casts magic missile on each turn, bypassing Rieta's excellent AC of 23
- The farmers arrived as reinforcements!
- ...and they immediately died.
- Eraphina succumbs to the blackness and dies
- Iggy pops back out of the void he had disappeared into
- We manage to survive the battle without any more losses
- Now how to revive Eraphina and Aurora... If they don't want to make a new character they have two options: resurection and reincarnation. Reincarnation costs 1000 gp and the herbalist is high enough level to be able to cast it. This method comes with the side effect of the person likely ending up as a different race. Resurection costs only 500 gp, but we don't know anyone who can cast such a spell.
- We forgot to roll to see if Erahpina's dragon heart exploded. After a few moments wrought with tension, in which Sophie was supposed to pick high or low and refused to commit, her corpse did NOT explode.
- In order to decide if Aurora is able to make any choices about what we do, Otto allows her to roll a Wisdom saving throw (result==number of words she gets to scratch into the dirt). She writes, "Save me. I want my love to recognize me. Resurect me. Ask the herbalist."
- Rieta rolls a perception check and finds: four children in cages (oops, forgot about those), a tent on fire, supplies that were likely stolen from nearby settlements, all the soldiers are wearing chain mail, the head honchos (hobgoblin, dragonborn, ogre) are wearing plate mail, their weapons seem slightly magical, and 97 gp.
- After calming and freeing the children I have them wait while I look for clues.
- In the tent that was on fire, I see what was a writing desk. Everything on it is now ash. The tent that wasn't on fire seems to be where most of the goblins were sleeping. I find some jerky and 27 gp.
- I grab the weapons (2 longswords, 2 bows) and food (~20 rations worth of food) and attempt to get the children back safely
- Pethani drags Aurora and Eraphina and we take the children home


- Our first stop is the Herbalist. She will either be the one who can reincarnate Aurora and Eraphina or she can tell us where to get them resurrected.
- She wants us to get red mandrake from the mountains. If we do that, she will scrounge up some diamonds and a letter of recomendation for someone who can resurrect them.
- Seems fine to Rieta! Rolled a 2 minus 1 on the nature check for the mountain area in question.
- An insight check (15) on the herbalist does reveal that this request is likely not entirely on the up and up, but shouldn't result in our death
