---
layout: single
permalink: /journal/2022-12-10.md/
title: D&D Session x12 - Dec. 10, 2022
---

## The Knighting

- Aurora and Eraphina are resurrected and we chill in Fellsbane for 4 days so they can recover (lose all the death penalties)
- When they wake up, the cleric informs them that a mysterious benefactor has offered to pay half of their resurrection fee (1000 gp), but with an unknown condition.
- Eraphina pays them half and gives them a fake name (Janice O'Conner) to avoid having to pay the rest. They give her a symbol of Pelor to be able to get in touch with her, but she uses slight of hand to leave it in the covers.
- Aurora rejects the offer and pays the total (2000 gp) outright
- Rieta spends the time shopping and training with push ups (Str - 15,16,9,21) and running (Con - 5,14,19,14).
- We head back to Last Crest to look for answers about the group that killed half our party. Hopefully we aren't late for the party!
- We make it to Last Crest on the day of the party.
- Party time!
    - We mingle with our "fellow" nobles
    - A man, Magnatious Philicuddy, asks if we have any novel items that he can find buyers for. He tells us we can get in touch with him at the inn in the town. Or if he's not there, talk to Lady Gillstein who technically introduced us last we were here.
    - Everyone, sans Iggy, gets knighted. Aurora and Eraphina gain last names, Lady Aurora Dragonslayer and Lady Eraphina Neverwinter
- We speak with Lady Gillstein about the goblin problem
    - We also mention that Baron Yve also was having goblin problems
    - Lady Gillstein hadn't seen either of the symbols (green hand on fire, red dragon wrapped around a globe), but offered to ask around
    - She suggested we work on our territory/keep until Lady Gillstein calls for us
    - It will take her a few months most likely
- We decide to deal with the wolves Lady Gillstein mentioned have been terrorizing our territory. Afterwards we can pick up the dragonhide armor we had crafted and go to the underdark.
- Rieta is now the CEO of Quark Co.
- We meet Percival the Titan, the chief of a village in our territory
    - We ask about the wolves and are informed that we're are dealing with not 'simply wolves' as the chieftain lifts his shirt to show a large bite mark scar
    - Neither Rieta or Aurora can tell what we're dealing with solely from the bite
    - The chieftain says they have 6 legs (maybe 8) and turns you to stone if you look at it, so likely a basilisk?
    - The attack occured over in the nearby forest
- We head into the forest and Rieta follows the signs to a cave
- Inside the cave we go left at a fork and find some flowers and some moss with antitoxin effects. If prepared correctly we could also get a posion resistance potion
- Pethani whips out a cauldron and makes a soup with the blue dragon meat and the moss
    - Because the blue dragon meat has a chance to confer lightning resistance, Otto consults the table for mixing two types of potions
    - Andrew rolled an 84 on the table and so we gain resistance to poison, lightning, and a +2 strength for the next hour (that last bit because Pethani is proficient in cooking and rolled decently)
    - Pethani tries to make more of the soup, but it just turns out as normal soup without extra benefits
- Oh no! Basilisks!
