---
layout: single
permalink: /journal/2022-10-01.md/
title: D&D Session x08 - Oct. 01, 2022
---

## Goblin Attacks

- We approach a farmer who was calling for their cow Betty
  - We volunteer to help find their cows
  - Rieta (with a 21 survival role) finds cows footprints accompanied by other small tracks that could be children... or goblins
  - The tracks lead to a small cave in the mountains to the west

- We enter the cave
  - We take a left at the fork. Opposite the direction that Rieta detected the faint smell of cows.
  - As expected, that's where the goblins were.
  - Among the expected cave goblins were a few wearing half-plate. This half-plate had a red dragon drawn on the breastplate (imagine Mozilla firefox symbol, replacing the fox with the dragon and the blue orb with the planet). A green hand on fire was on their pauldrons.
  - The armor was fitted to the size of the goblins, indicating that it's likely they were given the armor and didn't just find it.

{% include figure image_path="https://sinalewis.github.io/DnD_session/assets/images/green-hand_fire.png" alt="Symbol of green hand on fire" height="200px" caption="Symbol of green hand on fire"%}

- We fight and defeat the goblins, capturing one for questioning.
  - Aurora speaks goblin. The goblins say that 'Boss' gave them the armor. Not really sure what the goblin is saying when they say the boss's name.
  - Says boss is in 'the cave', implying boss is in the same cave.
  - We have Pethani's ambush drake kill the goblin as we continue on into the cave

- We find more armored goblins and an armored ogre around a fire, preparing the cows to be cooked
  - 

