---
layout: single
permalink: /journal/2022-10-15.md/
title: D&D Session x09 - Oct. 15, 2022
---

## 

- We tie up the drow and then wake him. We ask him
  - Q: Who are you? A: Like I'd tell you surface scum
  - Q: Where did 'the Boss' get the armor? A: basically the same answer
  - Q: Why was the child here? A: *shrugs* 
- We're getting nowhere with the drow, so we start to talk to the child.
  - I fail to calm down the child with a flower and she starts crying more and talking about not knowing where 'he' his.
  - I play her a song on the pan flute that manages to calm her down. She tells us that 'he' is her brother, who came with her to look for the cows.
  - The goblins caught them in the woods and they were separated before she was brought to the caves.
  - She yells at us for asking stupid questions and says we need to go look for her brother.
  - We hand her some beef stew that Pethani made and promise to look for her brother, but she needs to go back to her parents.
- I resume asking the drow questions, when he doesn't answer I become irritated and kick him. Iggy follows up with threatening to give his ears frostbite basically if the drow doesn't answer my questions (successful intimidation check)
  - He says that he doesn't know why the child was here, just that he was invited here by the goblins to buy the child
  - I ask about the armor that the goblins have. He says that they're some sort of army and wont say more. Iggy cuts off his ear and he passes out
  - We revive him and ask him again
  - We don't really get much more information out of him
  - The drow works for 'the matriarchy' and 'one of the priests'
- Iggy stabs the drow in the heart
- We search the bodies a little more and find a map indicating the location of the main camp in the forest
- We take the child back and see the farmers running around still looking for cows. It's about dusk.
  - The child's parent runs up and asks about their son Jack
  - We tell them the situation and then see a bunch of farmers with torches and pitchforks heading into the forest
  - We try to stop them, but fail
- We take off to the camp to try and get there before the farmers do
- As we approach the camp, Aurora notices a trap and I walk right into it and I am swept up into a net. The others are following behind. Eraphina accidentally trigers a crossbolt trap and Pethani is also caught in a net.
- I and Pethani easily cut open the nets and fall out. Eraphina manages to dodge the crossbolt.
- We try to disable the traps/warn the farmers behind us, but are somewhat unsuccesful
- We arrive at the main camp and see it is populated with strange goblins, a hobgoblin, a red dragonborn, a goblin wearing robes and a deer skull on their face, and an ogre that appears to be a little larger than your typical ogre
- They don't seem to notice us or much at all because they are actively partying