---
layout: single
permalink: /journal/2022-09-03.md/
title: D&D Session x06 - Sep. 03, 2022
---

# Dopplegangers And the Next Adventure Unfolds

- How to get ourselves out of this hot water?
- Two ideas
    - Pretend there were doppelgangers
    - Just sneak out of the city
- Going with the doppelgangers idea
    - We use Aurora's kit to disguise ourselves
    - We leave our gear and weapons so it looks like our stuff was taken
    - We walk into ... talking about how we were ambushed on our way to see the council and they beat us up and took our stuff
    - We escaped after overhearing how they had done these evil things to bismirch our name and "came straight here to rectify things and clear our names"
    - They take us to the council where we try to convince them of our tale
    - It works! But we have to sign the NDA and we get 400 gp each
    - And we have permission to leave the city
    - We have Eraphina sneakily retrieve our stuff and spend the next 3-7 days 'searching' the city, so when we leave the city we have our stuff with us
    - If anyone stops us to ask we claim that we found our stuff hidden in an abandoned warehouse and the dopplegangers must have ditched it to avoid suspicion
- Need to visit Mr. Dillygaffer before leaving
    - Because he's a master crafstman he can make 2 sets of dragonhide armor instead of just one
    - Aurora pays 2500 for her own set of armour, it'll take a month to make
    - Uncertain whether Erahpina wanted a set of armour, we'll retcon next week depending on her answer
    - Also need to check in on him as part of our quest for Lady Gilstein
    - He says he just got busy and forgot to write, kinda sus
- What's next?
    - Return to Last Crest to report to Lady Gilstein
    - Story arc for Susie (her town was destroyed by dark elves)
    - Aurora's long lost love. She got a lead from the inn keeper and was going to talk to them when we got back from the mines. There was a worker who matches her love's description -- and had amnesia -- working in the brewery. The person isn't her long lost love and she doesn't remember who he is, but he is related to her long lost love somehow.
    - I infer that this person and Aurora's lost love were on a mission to the underdark. I know that elves commonly go on missions to the underdark to try and convert some drow to follow the light of Eilistraee (the chaotic good drow goddess of beauty, song, dance, freedom, moonlight, swordwork, and hunting, within the drow pantheon known as the Dark Seldarine. Caution, NSFW imagery when searching)
    - A guard who overhears us talk says it would be a great place to search for the dopplegangers
    - Kylia says/thinks to themselves, "oh, the underdark, maybe I can find some clues about the people who attacked my village?"
    - We make a loose plan to head into the underdark and the council sends Gorick with us to help look for the dopplegangers


