---
layout: single
permalink: /journal/2023-11-11.md/
title: D&D Session 3v06 - Nov. 11, 2023
---

## 

- We proceed through the torture room we stumbled upon, through a door to the north. We find a large creature suspended in a giant glass cylinder, surrounded by cages and accoutrement suggestive of an alchemy lab.
- Aurora is unable to tell for certain, but she believes the blood on the floor is fairly old. Pethani identifies the blood as possibly human.
- Pethani recognizes the creature contained the liquid as an eye tyrant, a type of beholder.
- Aurora finds papers on the tables that are again written in deep speech. Iggy relays that they are attempting to influence the dreams of the beholder to try and create a sort of beholder mindflayer tadpole.
- Pethani is interested in grabbing the magic circle that is responsible for keeping the beholder in stasis, but Rieta and Aurora vote against it. Iggy, however, causes chaos by 'accidentally' smudging the circle.
- The Eye Tyrant beholder is known to be more talkative than others. Iggy begins the encounter by claiming we 'purposefully' freed him, but the beholder doesn't really care and leaves the way we came in.
- We proceed back down south to the room that had the pool and head west. There's a weird illusion on the door that makes it look like a normal door from the other side.
- There's a strange alter decorated with imagery of Lolth holding hands with an Ilithid. The room is large, as if it's a gathering place, but there doesn't appear to be anything else. We continue west through the room.
- The next room contains a bridge that crosses a pit filled with thousands of spiders. Although Rieta and Aurora notice what is at the bottom of the pit, Pethani doesn't and decides to pitch a flask of alchemists' fire down the pit. The spiders start swarming upwards and we proceed to run out of the room. The smaller spiders are able to sneak through underneath the door.
- 
