---
layout: single
permalink: /journal/2023-08-05.md/
title: D&D Session 3v03 - Aug. 05, 2023
---

## 

- In our search for Aren, we arrived at a tiered citadel.
- Upon surveying the citadel we spot a few ways to sneak our way into the place. We decide to sneak in through the sewer.
- Blocking the exit of the sewer is a grate that doesn't open. Pethani deftly uses his glaive to open a space up for us to make our way through. A duregar floats out afterwards. In his hand we find a piece of paper with something written in undercommon on it. Unfortunately, no one speaks undercommon. Rieta pockets the note for now. 
- After traversing the sewer for a few minutes we end up in a maintenance type room where a handful of drow are fishing for something in the water. They suprisingly don't notice our entrance despite Rieta's noisy armor (3 stealth).
- The plan is take one as prisoner, but Rieta wipes out half of them with a sunburst and Pethani kills the other two guards, leaving only a drow mage that turns invisible and is a huge pain in the butt to finish taking out (told you so - signed, Rieta).
- After dealing with the mage, and having no prisoners, we walk around and realize we came out of the sewer into the inner ring of the wall that is mostly dominated by storage rooms. There is, however, one room where a bunch of drow are conversing loudly.
- We were going to continue past them and check out some of the other rooms that seemed to lead somewhere useful, but Iggy threw a bomb into the room. The fight went smoothly other than Rieta being stunned the entire time. We managed to knock out a drow priestess.
- We will search the room and interrogate her next time!

