---
layout: single
permalink: /journal/2023-12-30.md/
title: D&D Session 3v08 - Dec. 30, 2023
---

## The End of the Underdark Saga
- We end up back near where we started in the fortress. We discover that the door immediately north opens into a room with jail cells.
- Within the cells are three figures. 2 are dead with various features partially transformed into that of a mindflayer. One is still breathing, but as Pethani turns them over it is revealed that their face has transformed. It grapples Pethani.
- Aurora manages to push the person away from Pethani and Pethani proceeds to knock them out.
- Aurora is able to discern that the potion they were holding in their hand seems to have stabilized the transformation.
- Pethani ends up killing them and we aren't able to get any more information.
- We continue into the room and discover a pile of bodies. The bodies are too decayed to really tell whether or not they were also victims of experimentation.
- Further in, we finally find Aurora's long lost love, Aren Dhelei! He seems to be somewhat out of it and his eyes are yellow. Oddly, his cell was not locked.
- After Rieta touches his shoulder, the elf grabs her and says "IT MUST BE DESTROYED." Pethani failes to get the elf to disclose what exactly must be dstroyed. He mutters something about a wand. Rieta decides to focus on trying to get him out of this place, but he just mutters "not yet".
- We lock him up back in the cell to keep him safe as we look for this wand he mentioned. As we leave, however, we hear him shouting "oh no, it's gone, where has it gone?"
- We go running back to the cell and find him holding a brick he pulled from the wall and biting his nails. When questioned about what is missing, he just mutters "something that shouldn't exist"
- We decide to just leave the drow fortress with Aurora's long lost love and try to get him help.
- Back in the dwarven city, we take the elf to a healer. After some haggling, the healer casts Greater Restoration on the elf, which helps him slightly. We hope to find out more by talking with the elven elders we rescued previously.
- The elders ask if we found anything upon the elf. After we explained the situation, the elders smiled and thanked us for bringing him back. However, they seem disappointed. Rieta is not able to convince them to give us more information.
- We then meet with the council of the dwarven city. They seem to not be worried about the news we bring about the aliance between the drow and the illithid and are more concerned about the 'doppelgangers' that we previously lied about to get out of the trouble we made.
- Aren goes home with the elven elders. Aurora vows to find a way to finish curing him. 
- We've done what we came here to do. Time to head back to our castle and budding town.

