---
layout: single
permalink: /journal/2024-01-13.md/
title: D&D Session 3v09 - Jan. 13, 2024
---

## Downtime (30 days)

- Aurora creates some potions and checks on Rocksanne. She attempts to find a dog friend, but it turns out to be a wildshaped druid.
- Iggy?? Spends some of his time sabatoging Rieta's plans.
- Pethani checks on his tavern. It's complete on the 11th day! He spends the rest of the time running the place. While he was waiting for it to finish construction he spent time carousing and bought a magic item.
- Eraphina does sneaky rogue stuff. Crime, she does crime. Aiming for one of the richest figures in town, she sneaks, lockpicks, and charms her way into the pockets of one the richest figures in town earning 1000 gp.
- Rieta spends her first week carousing and earns 48 gp + her lifestyle expenses from gambling. She then works on spreading a rumor for 7 days that the Quarks did what they did in the underdark, but really super cool and heroic like. Her deception check however fails because Iggy works against her. She spends the last of her downtime getting in touch with her paladin roots and performing sacred rites: watering plants, helping in fields, wandering the forest, and the like. She gains inspiration at the start of each day for the next 8 days.
- Faramund spends the downtime teaching the villagers how to read
- At the end of our downtime, we hear a rumor of a mysterious shield appearing at the entrance to the underdark in the Smoky Iron Mountains. People are able to enter, but not leave.
- Rieta suggests that it's not their problem and they have a fiefdom to run. Pethani agrees, but Aurora disagrees.
- We are summoned by Lady Gilstein.