---
layout: single
permalink: /journal/2024-10-19.md/
title: Aug. 19, 2022
---

- Battle with the goblins
- After we clear out the goblins, we are able to see that the room contains a religious alter of some kind and a raised platform with a dwarven inscription lining the floor and another small alter and dwarven skulls on it.
- A minor breakdown from Faramund later, we decide to go find a defensible room to take a long rest. The rest was uneventful, aside from Faramund hearing some goblins in the distance during the last watch.
- When everyone wakes up, we head North where the goblin sounds were coming from
- Eraphina easily unlocks the double doors we find that direction and we walk into the small antechamber that follows. Rieta realizes that this is a murder room, which would commonly be used in the front of a castle as a place to rain down destruction on an invading force. The portcullis leading further North is stuck. Rieta and Faramund fail to get it open. Aurora slips through after turning into an animal and, pulling a lever in conjunction with Faramund lifting manages to get the door open.
- Rieta and Faramund start hearing voices in their heads
  - "Why you sit here and let goblins live? - Destroy them and prove your valor! Are you such a weak Feywilder?"
  - "Your god said that I am the sign and that we need to kill goblins"
  - "God has forsaken your friend Faramund, kill goblins and dragons to renew her faith"
- We enter into a courtyard with doors in each cardinal direction (we came from the South door). Heading North, there are stairs heading west once we pass through the door and a corridor that continues North with doors on both sides.
