---
layout: single
permalink: /journal/2024-10-12.md/
title: Aug. 12, 2022
---

- After recalling what scrolls we found last time in the astronomy room, we continue exploring northwards.
- We find a large room with pillars, similar to the one where we first entered this fortress, doors lead off into a room with a solid iron gate to the west and a room with light coming from it to the east.
- The room has so much gold! Everywhere! Rieta grabs a brazier made of solid gold off of the floor and puts it into her bag of holding.
Pethani does the same and seems to have been affected by some sort of curse (baned for one hour)
- There are many statues in the room, near the center is one that looks like a kingly figure, inscribed in the (solid gold) floor around the statue is the phrase “May Light Forever Shine\\ On the Lords of Gold Hill”
It’s odd that the dragon nearby, who would presumably love gold, would leave this room untouched.
- The “Lords of the Gold Hill” are most likely not a god of the dwarves, but who are they?
A shrine on the south side of the room is bare, with stone pews surrounding it, but no further information can be gleaned from it.
Reita looks around and realizes that Pethani, Aurora, and Iggy left the room at some point. She and Faramund head east, looking for them, not realizing they left the room heading west.
- East they find corridors heading north, south, and further east. North is a portcullis; south seems to be a couple of smaller rooms, and they head that way. Within one room, they find letters and missives calling for more iron to go to the forge, and more coal to power it, as well as personal notes complaining about the amount of work.
*Smash cut* to Pethani and the others, who have run smack into a group of goblins. In the room there also appears to be a statue of an eldritch horror.
Back to Rieta, there are about 10 barrels each of saltpeter and charcaol in the room. In the room across the hallway, there is a stack of barrels, playing cards on a table, a pile of weapons, and bookshelves. The weapons seem to be in pristine condition despite the layer of dust coating the room. Rieta takes a battle axe, halbard and falchion. In a connected study, I find a missive talking about some project, that, based on the wording, seems to be secretive.
- Rieta and crew, looking for Pethani and crew, almost run into a group of goblins and such, but manage to avoid them until they actually find Pethani. We attempt to make a plan, but it was taking too long for Rieta and she charged in, demanding answers from the goblins (trying to grapple one wizard in particular). “Why are you here and who do you work for?” Aurora translated the question into goblin. They are here because ‘good eats’ and ‘many captures’, for who they work for they just shrug and point at the green hand on their armor.
