---
layout: single
permalink: /journal/2024-06-01.md/
title: Aug. 10, 2024
---

## 

- Curiosity killed the cat as they say. After the goblins run away, we decide to cross to the other side of the river and wait to see what emerges from the shadows.
- An adult red dragon emerges an introduces himself as Alteriax the benevolent. He says that if we satisfy his curiosity he will allow us to stay. It seems he wants some of our magic items. 
- Pethani gives up his book of necromancy and Rieta gives him an earring of message and teaches the mechanics of bless. While the rest of the party is struggling to find offerings, Iggy pulls out his pipe and, after a single puff, Alteriax wanders off without another word.
- We decide to head 'sideways' i.e. east on the other side of the river from the direction we orginally came from. We find the origin of some minecarts, but it is blocked by a magical barrier. Further east is a huge set of wrought iron double doors that probably leads into the room the minecarts are coming from. As Reita pushes on them to open them the grow hotter and hotter until she is forced to give up. Alteriax's voice comes from the other side, telling us to go away. It seems it is his lair and he's not happy about whatever Iggy did.
- Crossing back to the other side of the river, we come upon where we first encountered the river. Rieta notices the remains of an old market area, taken down maybe 200 years ago. We back track west, following our original tracks.
- We come upon a locked door that we missed earlier. Eraphina manages to unlock the door, revealing a dusty entryway to some small living quarters. Oddly, they seem to have running water. 
- The next thing we encounter west is a corridor running north, however, the dust seems to be undisturbed by gobLin footprints so we pass it by for now. Next are more living quarters, this time we find a *masterwork breastplate* and *masterwork war hammer* that should fetch some decent money as they are of dwarven make. An insignia of the breastplate seems familar, but Rieta can't quite place it. As Rieta is checking out the living quarters, Pethani continues onto the next set of living quarters and searches it simultaneously. He bravely summons a bugbear to search to vault toilet for him, and actually turns up a *wrought iron key*.
- The key seems to open the door to the kitchens in which there are kegs of ale, a door that seems to link to the hallway we decided to temporarily ignore, and a set of stairs heading upwards. The area seems untouched by the goblins, so we ignore the stairs for now and continue west.
- Iggy decides to check out the minetracks that go into a cave below the main level. After a close vote, Rieta gives in a leads everyone after Iggy. At a three pronged fork in the road, we head right. The tracks head down quite a ways at a 45 degree angle. We eventually reach a more open area with mineshafts that seems to have been a break area for the miners. Backtracking to the fork, we then take the straight path. Again we reach a break area and the walls are made of a darker color this time. However, Rieta can't tell what material they're made of. The last fork has a more gentle slope leading to a large stony cavern with golden light in the walls as we pass by. Making a mental note to come back and try and mine some of it, we return to the main area and climb back up the rope.
- Going North, we encounter more rooms to search. Rieta finds a *sword*. Aurora finds some gold in a different room. Pethani searches a study, finding a journal (written in Dwarvish, some pages have intricate archetural drawings and others have arcane diagrams) and a poetry book written in common. Iggy shows up and actually finds peculiar ore hidden in the master bedroom. Aurora thinks it looks like some kind of iron, but there are some differences. 
- Connected to the study is a planetarium of sorts in which Rieta finds *4 large crystals*. Pethani realizes that the crystals kind of power the planetarium but it is about 200 years behind. He also finds some scratches on the floor under the carpet. It looks like Dwarvish writing.