---
layout: single
permalink: /journal/2024-01-27.md/
title: D&D Session 3v10 - Jan. 27, 2024
---

## The Summons

- The party answers the call from Lady (Countess, technically) Gilstein
- She holds a letter in her hand from 'our neighbors to the south'.  Baron Yve, whom we met at our knighting, but no one remembers, has sent for aid. Lady Gilstein's ancestor owes his barony a favor and feels obligated to respond.
- He is having trouble with goblins. One of his villages has been completely razed to the ground. Although he asked for Lady Gilstein to send the army, we are apparently the only ones available.
- Everyone is well rested after our 30 days of downtime and we head out. We leave Rocksanne at the inn in the care of Pethani's staff.
- Traveling on horseback, it takes us 2 days to arrive in the town of Dewfalls. It has some simple cobblestone walls that keep it moderately safe and there are a squadron of guards at the gates keeping everyone safe. However, they look overworked. One of the guards leads us to the modest mansion where Baron Yve lives
- We manage to thoroughly insult the baron and his guards with the fact that only the 6 of us were sent by Lady Gilstein. However, we are eventaully able to convince the baron that we can help at least find the location of the goblin horde (although, we are most certainly going to do more than that)
- We decide to first investigate Sleepy Meadow, the town that was razed before Baron Yve sent for aide from Lady Gilstein. Pethani notices that some of the buildings were obviously targeted, but we can't figure out what they were. One might have been a general goods store.
- Aurora manages to find and follow goblin tracks that lead out of town and to a hidden hatch that leads underground. The tunnel is small and goblin sized and, after a scouting mission by Aurora (where way too much discussion occurs about what animal she is going to wild shaped into) she finds a large area with more tunnels branching off with about 2 dozen goblins as well as some humans in cages, probably the missing villagers.
- Aurora, Rieta, Iggy, and Pethani head back down the tunnel to engage in battle with the group. They take out some sentries, but a glyph of warding seems to have been activated. The group decides to hurry down the tunnel and try and give them minimal time to prepare.
- When they arrive the goblins seem to have completely disappeared. Rieta tries to by somewhat cautionary and uses disguise self to look like a fairly tall goblin. She approaches the woman left hanging in the middle of room and then they are ambushed.
- These goblins have the same "green hand on fire" symbol that the orcs we encountered way back also had. It also showed up on the other goblins we encountered and occasionally when dealing with the cult.